add ConfigurationIgnoreAttribute to docs (#55757)
dotnet/docs: docs/core/extensions/configuration.md

This approach allows the binder to populate the mutable `List<string>` while presenting an immutable interface to consumers through `IReadOnlyList<string>`.

#### Exclude properties from binding

> If you don't want the configuration binder to populate a property, apply <xref:Microsoft.Extensions.Configuration.ConfigurationIgnoreAttribute> to it (available starting in .NET 11). Both the reflection-based binder and the [configuration source generator](configuration-generator.md) honor this attribute.

Reviewer: I think both binders supporting a feature should be the default that doesn't need to be mentioned. But I'm fine with keeping it as is.

Author: Makes sense, removed.

This approach allows the binder to populate the mutable `List<string>` while presenting an immutable interface to consumers through `IReadOnlyList<string>`.

#### Exclude properties from binding

> Starting in .NET 11, apply <xref:Microsoft.Extensions.Configuration.ConfigurationIgnoreAttribute> to a property when you don't want the configuration binder to populate it. The reflection-based binder and the [configuration source generator](configuration-generator.md) both honour the attribute.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you don't want the configuration binder to populate a property, apply <xref:Microsoft.Extensions.Configuration.ConfigurationIgnoreAttribute> to it (available starting in .NET 11). Both the reflection-based binder and the [configuration source generator](configuration-generator.md) honor this attribute.
```

Reviewer 2: Slight wording adjustment suggestion.

Author: Changed, thanks!

```csharp
public sealed class AppOptions
{
    public string Endpoint { get; set; } = "";

> 

Author: changed
